Updated section configuration (#401)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack: README.md

The section also provides information about steps for overriding the default system configuration.

## Configuration

> The vagrant-box is set up with a lot of default configuration (see subsection [Default Configuration](#default-configuration)), and users may want to customize the vagrant-box services configuration to fit their need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vagrant-box is set up with a default configuration (see subsection [Default Configuration](#default-configuration)), but users may want to customize the vagrant-box services configuration to fit their needs.
```

> Say you want to do some tweaks and use Consul Enterprise, an open-source Nomad and Vault Enterprise. Then you would need to override the following variables:
> - Consul Enterprise: 
>     1. `consul_enterprise=true`
> - Nomad open source:
>     1. `nomad_enterprise=false`
> - Vault Enterprise:
>     1. `vault_enterprise=true`

Reviewer: This should be moved down to where you explain overriding configuration. User has no knowledge of what this is just yet. 

```suggestion
```

Author: Done. See new changes

Reviewer: Looking good!

In order to simplify making such changes in the configuration, we provide `switches`.

> These are switches which are controlled by `env` variables and provide the user with the opportunity to quickly switch between the configuration setup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These switches are controlled by environment-variables, and provide the user with the opportunity to quickly switch between different configurations. The next sections will describe the defaults, and how to change them.
```

> All supported switches are listed under `# Control box features` section in the [.env_default](ansible/templates/.env_default.j2) file.

Reviewer: This line should be moved to under "Default Configuration" IMO.

```suggestion
```

Author: I left it as a quote since I think it's ok to mention the default switches in that contex. It is already linked to `.env_default` in Default Configuration section. 

See new changes.

> To get a broader understanding of the configuration and how you can override it see the upcoming two sections [Default Configuration](#default-configuration) and [Override default configuration](#override-default-configuration).

Reviewer: This is mentioned in the paragraph above (if you implement my changes). I look at this first section before the subsections as a very quick introduction to what this part ("part" being configuration in this case) of the README is, so I want to keep it as short as possible. That is ofc just my opinion!
```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed this! Thanks!

### Default Configuration

> Each of the following links lead to the configuration file and is the default values when setting up the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The files below contain the default values for configuration. 

> :warning: Do _not_ change these. Go to [Override Default](#override-default-configuration) to see how to change the configuration.
```

> **Configuration files**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Default configuration files
```

- [.env_default.j2](ansible/templates/.env_default.j2)
- [hashistack component versions](ansible/group_vars/all/variables.yml)
- [nomad policies](ansible/templates/conf/nomad/policies)
- [consul policies](ansible/templates/conf/consul/policies)

> **Consul**:  

Reviewer: We use titles and subtitles in other places, so I just thought of this for consistency
```suggestion
#### Defaults Consul
```

Author: I was just following the previous convention, but I'll fix that

- Using open source version
- ACL [enabled=true](https://www.consul.io/docs/agent/options#acl_enabled)
- [default_policy=allow](https://www.consul.io/docs/agent/options#acl_default_policy)

> **Nomad**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Defaults Nomad
```

- Using open source version
- ACL [enabled=false](https://www.nomadproject.io/docs/configuration/acl#enabled)
- [Integrated with Consul, using token](ansible/templates/conf/nomad/020-acl.hcl.j2)
- [Integrated with Vault, using token](ansible/templates/conf/nomad/020-acl.hcl.j2)

> **Vault**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Defaults Vault
```

- Using open source version
- [Unsealed](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/seal)
- [PKI](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/vault/pki-with-vault) enabled at `/pki`

### Override default configuration
To override the default configuration you have two options:
- [Change the environment variables](#option-1---change-environment-variables)
- [Override the configuration files](#option-2---override-configuration-files)

> > :warning: Overriding config files will take effect at last. In other words, config files(Option 2) will override any configuration which were setup by the env variables(Option 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: Overriding the configuration files will take effect last. In other words, using config files (Option 2) will override any configuration which were setup by the env variables (Option 1)
```

The section also provides information about steps for overriding the default system configuration.

## Configuration
The vagrant-box is set up with a lot of default configuration (see subsection [Default Configuration](#default-configuration)), and users may want to customize the vagrant-box services configuration to fit their need.

> Say you want to do some tweaks and use Consule Enterpise, a open source Nomad and Vault Enterprise. Then you would need to override the following variables:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Say you want to do some tweaks and use Consul Enterprise, an open-source Nomad and Vault Enterprise. Then you would need to override the following variables:
```

- Consul Enterprise: 

>     1. `consul_acl = enabled`
>     2. `consul_acl_default_policy = deny`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. `consul_enterprise=true`
```

- Nomad open source:

>     1. `nomad_acl = false`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. `nomad_enterprise=false`
```

- Vault Enterprise:

>     1. Need to be unsealed and integrated with Nomad and Consul, the way that it manages their secrets/tokens

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. `vault_enterprise=true`
```

- [Change the environment variables](#option-1---change-environment-variables)
- [Override the configuration files](#option-2---override-configuration-files)

> :warning: Overriding config files will take effect at last. In other words, config files(Option 2) will override any configuration which were setup by the env variables(Option 1)

#### Option 1 - Change environment variables
When the vagrant box is provisioned, it reads the data from the following environment file `/home/vagrant/.env_default` in order to set up the system.
If you wish to override any of the default values then you can do so by adding that variable name and value in [.env](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/blob/master/dev/.env) file.
The property values in the `.env` file override the property values present in the `.env_default` file and thus makes it simple to provision systems that suffice the relevant development needs.

For example, in order to override the **consul acl default policy** from **allow** to **deny**, the following needs to be added to the `.env` file:

```text
consul_acl_default_policy=deny
```

#### Option 2 - Override configuration files

> It is possible to add and/or override the hashistack components configuration files. See documentation [here](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/tree/master/dev/vagrant/conf).

Reviewer 2: I think we need to override this section with -pre and -post procedures. 
It does not seem that we have direct access to the conf directories of services inside the box. [See here](https://github.com/fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template/pull/44/files)

Author: I'm not sure that I follow. Which file or files are you referring to in you link?

Reviewer 2: Seems I misunderstood that PR. Nevermind
